who is it come on in
hey man you awake
just got sleepy right now good night
whoa whoa whoa don't be like that come
on let's go talk outside for a bit
on that day Mel Tokyo had a record
snowfall it looked just like this city
what are you talking about all of a
sudden ah just a story about the past I
suddenly felt like talking about it well
if you want to talk I'm all ears
I was so excited to see snow for the
first time and I made a snowman in the
garden with my mother then suddenly the
Snowman fell apart before I knew what
was going on red snow began to fall red
snow it was my mother's blood she was
murdered
uh-huh as she fell she grabbed my
shoulder and told me you should never
have been born
that's that's horrible
my mother probably loves somebody else
but because of the Oracle from Cruces
she had to marry the chosen at the time
my father and the old man had another
woman as well but none of that was your
fault the magic that killed my mother
was meant for me what they targeted me
because I was the next chosen my mother
was caught in the crossfire the one who
tried to kill me was Celeste mother they
executed her and Celeste was placed
under house arrest in the Abbey so
that's what happened
I never wanted to be the chosen I spent
every moment of my life wishing I could
just run away hmm chosen sleet really
difficult lives I can only imagine what
it's like but I can still understand how
hard it must be sorry
kind of hard to think of anything to say
to a story like that right
don't worry about it but why did you
suddenly decide to tell me I should have
never been born well why do you say that
I'm not saying I still think that way
now but all my life I've been rejected
by my parents shunned by the church and
viewed as a threat by the royal family I
just wanted to run away but you're here
with us now right I don't know even now
to tell the truth I get tired of all the
problems sometimes I think it'd be
easier if everyone and everything were
just destroyed zelo's how can you say
that did I piss you off
hell yes of course it'd be a huge
problem for me if everything was
destroyed but think about it if
everything was destroyed you'd vanished
too
I refuse to vanish and so I don't want
anyone else to be destroyed I want you
to live two zealous I think I'm gonna
cry don't make fun of what I'm saying
tomorrow once we're sure that all Tessa
is okay I'm going to challenge meet
those two a final battle but if that's
the way you feel I'll be too worried to
bring you along you're going to fight do
you really think you can unite the
worlds I can and I will
I'm not going to run away all right all
right I hear you I swear your fervent
enthusiasm is enough to melt all the
snow and floor I'm in I guess I'll give
this not running away things shot once
the world is at peace you can run away
all you like
gee thanks man
can't believe I'm joining the weaker
side this isn't like me at all
what are you talking about nothing just
talking to myself anyway let's get back
it's way too cold out here
yeah hmm did jell-o's drop this hey
there's a letter attached this is a
symbol of my trust hang onto it for me
okay I don't have the right to ask for
your forgiveness but I still want you to
forgive me
PS don't tell the others what the man
what the heck is he trying to say he
should make it easier to understand